java c ECON30008 Topics in Applied Economics B (Coursework 2) Choose one out of the following three assignments to submit. The essay should include at least two graphs or tables. Tables should be reproduced, and graphs should be screenshots of the original paper. 1- Discuss the respective influences of economic factors and social norms on gender roles within the family. 2- Compare fertility drivers between Sweden and Japan. 3- Can policy alter households’ fertility and labour supply choices? Discuss. Penalties for late work Assignments handed in after the deadline, without a pre-arranged extension will be subject to the following penalty: • A fixed absolute penalty of 10 marks is applied for each 24-hour period work is submitted after the agreed deadline. Please note, weekend days count towards the calculation of late penalties. Public holidays in England, and University closure days do not. • A mark of zero is automatically applied to work submitted late such that at least four such 24-hour periods have elapsed. Penalties for work代 写ECON30008 Topics in Applied Economics B (Coursework 2)Python 代做程序编程语言 over the maximum word count You are expected to include a word-count on the first page of the assignment. Footnotes should be avoided. • Direct quotations will count towards the word-count • Reference lists/bibliographies will not count within the word-count • Coversheets will not count within the word counts • Tables and figures (i.e. diagrams) will not count within the word counts. If you are found to have put an inaccurate word-count on your submission, a penalty of 5 marks may be imposed, over and above the penalties below: Assessment exceeds word limit by up to (percentage of maximum) Penalty deducted from intellectual mark 5% 5 marks 10% 10 marks 15% 15 marks 20% 20 marks 25% 30 marks More than 25% Mark of zero applied For example, for a 2,000 word assignment, if a student handed in a piece of work consisting of 2,050 words, your mark would be reduced by 5 marks. This is because the piece of work is between 0% and 5% over the maximum limit.

   加QQ codinghelp Email: cscholary@gmail.com
